doc: prepare new release_3.3.1 (#3961)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

## 3.3.1 / 2020-12-17

### Fixed Issues

> - Note: [#3722](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3722)
> - Mention: [#3927](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3927)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mention: 
    - [#3722](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3722)
    - [#3927](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3927)
```

Author: At present, we use this syntax to show issue like this

![Screenshot_2020-12-17 tracim tracim](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25848257/102493169-130d7d80-4073-11eb-96d8-45d9c202ff5f.png)

In futur, we can show issue with your idea to add issue description (not available for the moment). This change need to be done in all changelog.

Author: I just seen you add 3722 in mention and not in Note, why ? Is it more related to mention ?

Reviewer: This way it's good too, my suggestion was more to put the issue as mention and not note. I think is more related.

Author: Ok I put issue in Mention. Thanks.

- Frontend: [#3542](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3542),

> [#3809](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/)

Reviewer 2: wrong url.

Author: Done.

> - Frontend: [#3542](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3542),
> [#3809](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3809)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Frontend: 
    - [#3542](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3542),
    - [#3809](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3809)
```

Author: same as explain before (this is not the syntax for the chnagelog, at present)/

Reviewer: good for me, I'll resolve the conversation.

## 3.3.0 / 2020-12-02

### New Features

- Personal and per-space activity feeds help you keep up with what is going on in Tracim: you will be able to notice new contents, new members and other updates in real time at a glance.

> - Access to applications through tabs (dashboard, contents, activity feed, etc)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Tabs to access the dashboard contents and activity feed
```

(There is nothing else for now, I think it's clearer like this)

Author: @raphj I'm not sure about this. Tabs not just shown dashboard content and activity feed, so I think its better to find wording to explain the futur tabs can be added in this view.
